Feature/dotenv flow (#23)
NIAEFEUP/nijobs-be: README.md

## Usage

### Development Environment

> To start developing, copy `.env.example`, creating the local config file (this can be achieved by running `cp .env.example .env.local`). Then, fill in the variable values, as explained in `.env.example`file.

Reviewer: Same suggestion listed above, using `.env` or even `.env.test` for documentation and default values might be better than having a dedicated file for that which might become outdated.

### Env File Specification

> - `DB_PORT` **[Optional]** Specifies the database port, if `MONGO_URI` is not defined. Defaults to `27017`.

Reviewer: As mentioned above, useless. Please remove

> - `DB_HOSTNAME` **[Optional]** Specifies the database port, if `MONGO_URI` is not defined. Defaults to `localhost`.

Reviewer: Copy paste mistake.

```suggestion
- `DB_HOSTNAME` **[Optional]** Specifies the database hostname, if `MONGO_URI` is not defined. Defaults to `localhost`.
```

> - `HOST_PORT` Specifies the port where the server will be exposed (`http://localhost:<HOST_PORT>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HOST_PORT` Specifies the port in which the server will be exposed (`http://localhost:<HOST_PORT>`)
```
